Open qgis with grass (#6041)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/training_manual/grass/grass_setup.rst

in GRASS *via* QGIS. Hence, make sure you have installed QGIS Desktop with
Grass support.

|win| To open a QGIS session with GRASS available on Windows you have to click
on the ``QGIS Desktop with GRASS`` icon.

**The goal for this lesson:** To begin a GRASS project in QGIS.

|basic| |FA| Start a New GRASS Session
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

To launch GRASS from within QGIS, you need to activate it as with any other
plugin:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

|basic| |FA| Start a New GRASS Session
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

> When you install QGIS, depending on your OS you have to click on the
> ``QGIS Desktop with GRASS`` icon to open a QGIS session with GRASS available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To open a QGIS session with GRASS available on Windows with an OSGeo4W install,
you have to click on the ``QGIS Desktop with GRASS`` icon.
```
??? I think this only applies to Windows (not Linux, nor Mac). I don't know if it is the
stand-alone install or the OSGeo4W install the adds this "icon".

Author: right that this in only for windows (will change it). BTW: yes, the standalone adds the icons. I'm adding this to the doc because many times during training people are a little bit confused. Since we have a specific example then I think it is worth to mention it
